then he showed me Joshua the high priest
then he showed me Joshua the high priest standing before the angel of the Lord
standing before the angel of the Lord
standing before the angel of the Lord and Satan standing at his right hand to
and Satan standing at his right hand to
and Satan standing at his right hand to oppose him and the Lord said to Satan
oppose him and the Lord said to Satan
oppose him and the Lord said to Satan the Lord rebuke you Satan the Lord who
the Lord rebuke you Satan the Lord who
the Lord rebuke you Satan the Lord who has chosen Jerusalem rebuke you is this
has chosen Jerusalem rebuke you is this
has chosen Jerusalem rebuke you is this not a brand plucked from the fire now
not a brand plucked from the fire now
not a brand plucked from the fire now Joshua was clothed with filthy garments
Joshua was clothed with filthy garments
Joshua was clothed with filthy garments and was standing before the angel then
and was standing before the angel then
and was standing before the angel then he answered and spoke to those who stood
he answered and spoke to those who stood
he answered and spoke to those who stood before him take away the filthy garments
before him take away the filthy garments
before him take away the filthy garments from him see I have removed your
from him see I have removed your
from him see I have removed your iniquity from me and I will clothe you
iniquity from me and I will clothe you
iniquity from me and I will clothe you with rituals and I said let them put a
with rituals and I said let them put a
with rituals and I said let them put a clean turban on his head so they put a
clean turban on his head so they put a
clean turban on his head so they put a clean turban on his head and they put
clean turban on his head and they put
clean turban on his head and they put the clothes on him and the angel of the
the clothes on him and the angel of the
the clothes on him and the angel of the Lord stood by then the angel of the Lord
Lord stood by then the angel of the Lord
Lord stood by then the angel of the Lord admonished Joshua thus says the Lord of
admonished Joshua thus says the Lord of
admonished Joshua thus says the Lord of hosts if you will walk in my ways and if
hosts if you will walk in my ways and if
hosts if you will walk in my ways and if you will keep my command
you will keep my command
you will keep my command then you shall also judge my house and
then you shall also judge my house and
then you shall also judge my house and likewise have charge of my courts I will
likewise have charge of my courts I will
likewise have charge of my courts I will give you places to walk among these who
give you places to walk among these who
give you places to walk among these who stand here here Oh Joshua the high
stand here here Oh Joshua the high
stand here here Oh Joshua the high priest you and your companions who sit
priest you and your companions who sit
priest you and your companions who sit before you for they are a wondrous sign
before you for they are a wondrous sign
before you for they are a wondrous sign for behold I am bringing forth my
for behold I am bringing forth my
for behold I am bringing forth my servant the branch for behold the stone
servant the branch for behold the stone
servant the branch for behold the stone that I have laid before Joshua upon the
that I have laid before Joshua upon the
that I have laid before Joshua upon the stone are seven eyes
stone are seven eyes
stone are seven eyes behold I will engrave its inscription
behold I will engrave its inscription
behold I will engrave its inscription says a lot of hosts and I will remove
says a lot of hosts and I will remove
says a lot of hosts and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day in
the iniquity of that land in one day in
the iniquity of that land in one day in that day says a lot of hosts everyone
that day says a lot of hosts everyone
that day says a lot of hosts everyone will invite his neighbor under his vine
will invite his neighbor under his vine
will invite his neighbor under his vine and under his fig tree
and under his fig tree
and under his fig tree [Music]